<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>webcraftjan2011</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body>NOT CURRENTLY IN USE<br><br>WEBCRAFT ACTION GROUP&nbsp;<br>Group Lead: Pippa Buchanan<br>Group Members:&nbsp;<br><br>Meeting Times:&nbsp;<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Community Call: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;mozilla&#x2e;org&#x2F;Drumbeat&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;weekly&#x5f;call">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.mozilla.org&#x2F;Drumbeat&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;weekly_call</a></li></ul><br><br>This group will operate according to the draft governance consensus: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;w&#x2F;page&#x2F;31810843&#x2F;BCNGovernanceConsensus">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.p2pu.org&#x2F;w&#x2F;page&#x2F;31810843&#x2F;BCNGovernanceConsensus</a><br><br>Our immediate concern is the lead up to January&#x27;s course round. I&#x27;d like to gather feedback, goals and advice from webcraft community and to use that as the basis for any decisions I made as Project Lead.<br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Course Review</li><li>Topics we want covered in the school</li><li>Badges (the first proper assessments in P2PU)</li><li>Technology we require &#x2F; would like</li><li>Project based learning</li></ul><br><br><br></body>
</html>
