<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>tech</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>Thursday &#x2F; Time -- 10.00am US Eastern (please update your local times accordingly)</strong><br><br>Old Notes:&nbsp;<br><ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;tech&#x2d;old&#x2d;notes">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;tech-old-notes</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;tech&#x2d;2012&#x2d;2013">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;tech-2012-2013</a></li></ul><br>Project Pipeline -&gt; <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;project&#x2d;pipeline&#x2F;4ec0f020c137ff072a5d8afa">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;project-pipeline&#x2F;4ec0f020c137ff072a5d8afa</a><br><br><u>Parking Lot (for next call)<strong>:</strong></u>&nbsp;<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Django 1.3 reached end of life a while back.<ul class="bullet"><li>we need to plan for some time to spend on getting lernanta working with the latest django</li></ul></li><li>Should we use Trello&#x2F;Gnatt charts for planning projects<ul class="bullet"><li>It&#x27;s difficult to get a sense of what is lined up and what the timeframes are atm.</li><li>Badges<ul class="bullet"><li>Integration, sample projects</li><li>Then take a break to talk to users</li></ul></li><li>Mechanical MOOCs<ul class="bullet"><li>Python MOOC</li><li>Data Mission II</li><li>Grouping mechanics</li><li>(Music MOOC)</li><li>(Writing MOOC)</li><li>Offline groups functionality</li></ul></li><li>Course UX<ul class="bullet"><li>Current round of changes</li><li>Periodic review of feedback</li></ul></li><li><s>Homepage</s><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Redesign, deploy</s></li></ul></li><li>(Schools)<ul class="bullet"><li>Still unclear how to best support schools</li></ul></li><li>(Analytics)<ul class="bullet"><li>We know we need do to more here, but haven&#x27;t tackled it</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Badges might need a SSL as well<ul class="bullet"><li>firefox will make problems on iframe embedding</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li>We&nbsp; depend on software that&#x27;s unsupported and that we don&#x27;t really want to&nbsp; support (etherpad + disqus). How should we handle this?<ul class="bullet"><li>not use the software</li><li>only use software that we can buy support for</li><li>contract someone to maintain the services for us at a fixed price?</li></ul></li><li>Ansible script for discourse<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;vikhyat&#x2F;discourse&#x2d;ansible">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;vikhyat&#x2F;discourse-ansible</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;meta&#x2e;discourse&#x2e;org&#x2F;t&#x2F;all&#x2d;the&#x2d;options&#x2d;to&#x2d;deploy&#x2d;discourse&#x2d;with&#x2d;their&#x2d;relative&#x2d;pros&#x2d;and&#x2d;cons&#x2F;9631">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;meta.discourse.org&#x2F;t&#x2F;all-the-options-to-deploy-discourse-with-their-relative-pros-and-cons&#x2F;9631</a></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong><u>13 Sept</u></strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>MOOC class gallery (mini user profiles) coming along - need to update CSS</li><li>Investigating etherpad issues (others are having them as well)</li><li>Homepage design review</li><li>DLMOOC CSS -&gt; CSS Framework<ul class="bullet"><li>remove github stuff, make partners page, put p2pu logo on the right, move signup above description, add conference logo</li></ul></li><li>Working on CSS framework<ul class="bullet"><li>a lot of work and testing done</li></ul></li><li>Badges<ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>What are our plans for info.p2pu.org?<ul class="bullet"><li>Is <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;github&#x2e;io&#x2F;p2pu&#x2d;css&#x2d;framework&#x2F;components&#x2e;html">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.github.io&#x2F;p2pu-css-framework&#x2F;components.html</a> up to date with the latest CSS</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;thepeople&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;t&#x2F;updating&#x2d;info&#x2d;p2pu&#x2d;org&#x2d;mostly&#x2d;removing&#x2d;content&#x2F;216&#x2F;3">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;thepeople.p2pu.org&#x2F;t&#x2F;updating-info-p2pu-org-mostly-removing-content&#x2F;216&#x2F;3</a></li></ul></li><li>Analytics<ul class="bullet"><li>Stilll waiting for Nadeem (he is quite busy)</li><li>a bit stucked up with badges and moocs now</li></ul></li><li>MOOC class gallery<ul class="bullet"><li>consider twitter login to get pic</li></ul></li><li>Badges<ul class="bullet"><li>dashboard is getting aligned with recent testing</li><li>editing badge after already published</li></ul></li><li>Explore hackpad as etherpad alternative<ul class="bullet"><li>DU: to investigate per user pricing?</li></ul></li><li>Browser testing for projects - browser stack<ul class="bullet"><li>Nadeem mentioned he has some system for doing this as well</li><li>How much is browser stack? What happens if we see a lot of problems?</li><li>How do we handle problems in browsers?</li><li>EP to find out about pricing &#x2F; what Nadeem uses (if there&#x27;s a cheaper&#x2F;free option)</li></ul></li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>EP too pasionate about some topics :)</li></ul>Process<br><br><br><strong><u>5 Sept</u></strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Fixed etherpad problem for now (weird data in the DB seems to have caused a hiccup - possible attack)</li><li>Talked with VMG about data expedition<ul class="bullet"><li>we will import groups</li><li>do email scheduling and sending</li><li>tracking of data (didn&#x27;t really discuss this with VMG, but implicit if we send emails)</li><li>integration with unhangout together with Drew (we need to talk to drew and hear if he will do that)<ul class="bullet"><li>what does &quot;integration&quot; mean?</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>CSS Framework - &gt; DLMooc<ul class="bullet"><li>working on projects togeter</li><li>will start testing on Badges now</li><li>merging framework after a bit more testing</li></ul></li></ul><br>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Investigate if etherpad was attacked, and may have compromised our server</li><li>Kickoff meeting for music MOOC with VMG and Alex</li><li>Low friction profiles for MOOCs (Should this be a priority)</li><li>DLMOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>Tech point person at P2PU -&gt; Erika</li><li>move github &quot;for me&quot; to bottom right or somewhere else less prominent</li><li>move P2PU logo to the right</li><li>Course runs in January next year</li><li>DU to add EP to heroku</li></ul></li><li>Badges<ul class="bullet"><li>add fields for LRMI data (discuss in more detail in DU&#x2F;EP call)</li><li>tags on creation of a Badge -&gt; implement as collections</li><li>testing for dashboard is still in progress (will be done on monday)</li></ul></li><li>Top navigation&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>for discourse<ul class="bullet"><li>Vagrant keeps failing( I can&#x27;t get testing enviroment up)</li></ul></li><li>needs a bucket to be hosted in<ul class="bullet"><li>an S3 bucket? yes (Philipp&#x27;s account or p2pu account? -&gt; Philipp&#x27;s account) i think we need to do this in the p2pu account - not much data and we need it around</li></ul></li><li>Blog integration<ul class="bullet"><li>where are templates for that?</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>We depend on software that&#x27;s unsupported and that we don&#x27;t really want to support (etherpad + disqus). How should we handle this?<ul class="bullet"><li>not use the software</li><li>only use software that we can buy support for</li><li>contract someone to maintain the services for us at a fixed price?</li></ul></li><li>jamwithchrome.com is a big distraction ;)</li></ul><br>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges - is there enough credit? where can I check that?<ul class="bullet"><li>Credit for what? Digital ocean</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong><u>29 Aug</u></strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges got more tweaks<ul class="bullet"><li>improved creation flow (image is uploaded in real time)</li><li>very improved responsive design</li></ul></li><li>P2PU CSS framework<ul class="bullet"><li>Started development of new mixins and overrides of existing sass</li></ul></li><li>Top navigation developed as a plugin<ul class="bullet"><li>still needs documentation</li></ul></li><li>We found archive server and it is back online</li></ul><br>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Deploy top navigation bar (done for badges already, waiting for Dirk to discuss the other sites)</li><li>Badges:<ul class="bullet"><li>discoverability - sort and filter</li><li>improving use of dashboard (VMG has wireframes, she is doing testing)</li><li>Doing all sors of improvments for Badges</li></ul></li><li>Badges CSS -&gt; CSS Framework</li><li>DLMOOC CSS -&gt; CSS Framework<ul class="bullet"><li>Contact with HiTechHi to give us the content (Philipp)</li></ul></li><li>Analytics follow up with Nadeem</li></ul><br>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>How are we handling the reported users, courses, Badges ... (spam content)</li><li>Top navigation plugin is hosted by Erikas github, where to put it&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>S3 or github of P2PU -&gt; S3</li></ul></li><li>Who is doing Musical MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>Talking to Alex Ruthman &#x2F; NYU</li></ul></li></ul><br>Problems<br>No problems :)<br><br><strong><u>22 Aug</u></strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>new home page tweaks<ul class="bullet"><li>link to the dashboard and other stuff that user needs</li><li>responsive design tweaking<ul class="bullet"><li>the last deploy had some issues for the small devices (smartphones)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Badges got dynamic input validation when creating them</li><li>Reports got new School of Ed report added to them as well as new home page <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;reports&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;reports.p2pu.org</a></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>top navigation for all of the pages to be same as home page<ul class="bullet"><li><s>p2pu.org (done)</s></li><li><s>badges.p2pu.org</s></li><li><s>reports.p2pu.org</s></li><li>thepeople.p2pu.org</li><li>mechanicalmooc.org</li><li>preference of implementing top navigation is javascript widget</li></ul></li><li>Analyitics that was taken upon by Erika and Nadeem in Boston<ul class="bullet"><li>no progres in that field yet</li></ul></li><li>Badges have to be put in categories and filtered on categories on Browse page<ul class="bullet"><li>VMG is to put Badges in categories after implementation of categories is done</li><li>Erika will filter them out on Browse a Badge page</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>There is a need for a good responive design testing<ul class="bullet"><li>for a 20$&#x2F;mo we could get individual account on <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;browserstack&#x2e;com">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;browserstack.com</a></li><li>maybe we can only pay for it the months that we use it - Erika will check it out</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong><u>15 Aug</u></strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Deeper learning MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>Heroku set up</li><li>Mailgun set up</li><li>Sequence created</li></ul></li><li>Python MOOC data<ul class="bullet"><li>Full dump of sequence 1,2 &amp; 3</li><li>Incomplete dump of sequence 4 (need to repeat once finished)</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Deeper learning MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>Questions for sign up<ul class="bullet"><li>What is your name?&nbsp;</li><li>What is your primary role in education?<ul class="bullet"><li>Teacher</li><li>Administrator&nbsp;</li><li>University student</li><li>High school student</li><li>Parent&nbsp;</li><li>Other interested participant</li></ul></li><li>Then&nbsp; we were hoping for a drop down country followed by a drop down state&nbsp; menu if that was doable.&nbsp; I figure it might be a little more helpful&nbsp; that time zone as we think about meet-ups (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;hscripts&#x2e;com&#x2F;scripts&#x2F;JavaScript&#x2F;country&#x2d;list&#x2e;php&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.hscripts.com&#x2F;scripts&#x2F;JavaScript&#x2F;country-list.php)</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>copy for signup page</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br>Problems<br><br>DU to send EP an email about possible things to work on<br><ul class="bullet"><li>(10 am EST)</li><li>Home page bugs &#x2F; refinements (3-4 days)<ul class="bullet"><li>Top nav across all sites (3-4 days)<ul class="bullet"><li>Possible to do as jquery plug-in? (e.g. add some custom code on thepeople.p2pu.org -&gt; that adds drop-down to header)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Display user names on course people page (1 day)</li><li>CSS framework consolidation<ul class="bullet"><li>Fix&#x2F;Update Mech MOOC CSS (1-2 days)</li><li>Fix&#x2F;Update P2PU CSS framework (3-4 days)</li><li>Update lernanta CSS and add minimization (2-3 days)</li></ul></li><li>Badges?<ul class="bullet"><li>Are there still issues with deployment process? (1-2 days)</li></ul></li><li>[Might be ok to push back until Dirk us back] Data Explorer Mission (if using our Mech MOOC for sign-up)(1-2 days)</li></ul><br><strong><u>8 Aug</u></strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Homepage<ul class="bullet"><li>Translation tags</li><li>some optimizations</li><li>pushed live! Hooray!!!</li></ul></li><li>Mech MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>updated copy for gentle intro to python</li></ul></li><li>Updated course list<ul class="bullet"><li>only 7 courses listed</li></ul></li><li>Etherpad<ul class="bullet"><li>is this pad still slow, I removed all the old notes from the pad</li></ul></li><li>Lernanta<ul class="bullet"><li>fixed some small bugs</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Deeper learning MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>setup mailgun (I think we can use same account as the mechanical mooc)</li><li>setup heroku</li><li>update copy (PS)<ul class="bullet"><li>landing page</li><li>questions</li><li>emails</li></ul></li><li>register DNS</li><li>To be done by: 15 August</li></ul></li><li>MOOC stats for June</li><li>Signup&#x2F;social presence for mechanical mooc<ul class="bullet"><li><s>less of a prioritity right now</s></li></ul></li><li>Question: What about the analytics work that Nadeem started in Boston?<ul class="bullet"><li>DU: send email to Nadeem &amp; Erika</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Move call 15 min earlier so that we end 15 min before community call and update etherpad</li><li>Philipp confirmed -&gt; There is no overlap in vacations &#x2F; EP is back when DU goes on holiday</li><li>Topics for discussion:<ul class="bullet"><li>Are we still communicating openly (are we less open than we used to be)? &lt;- Make sure we live up to our value of openness</li><li>Are we an open source project (PS thinks not ;-)</li><li>What to do about Webcraft &lt;- PS sent email about this &#x2F; in discussion with Mozilla</li></ul></li></ul>Problems<br><br><br><strong><u>25 July</u></strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Structure for github repos is set for reports<ul class="bullet"><li>everyone who works on it please update local repository</li><li>EP to send email to Bruno, Joao, etc</li></ul></li><li>Badges got some copy changes<ul class="bullet"><li>pull requests from VMG plus some other changes made on the forms</li><li>EP &amp; PS to setup some time in 3&#x2F;4 weeks to go through small design issues</li></ul></li><li>Installed new WP plugin to get featured image into RSS (it seems that there is a wait for 24h for plugin actually start sending the right data)<ul class="bullet"><li>working on getting Badges</li><li>the schools section will remain static HTML (performance wise is better this way, since is not gonna change all that much)</li><li>is the wait on the plugin side or the task that we are running daily on lernanta?<ul class="bullet"><li>the plugin side, I have run task manualy for test, also is not visible on the <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;info&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;feed&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;info.p2pu.org&#x2F;feed&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Discourse update<ul class="bullet"><li>setup by PS on EC2!</li><li>running latest version (0.9.5)</li><li>PS to field any future sysadmin problems :)</li></ul></li><li>Etherpad-lite<ul class="bullet"><li>Hopefully more bearable in Webkit browsers</li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;ether&#x2F;etherpad&#x2d;lite&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1763">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;ether&#x2F;etherpad-lite&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1763</a></li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Homepage<ul class="bullet"><li>Get blog posts with images from info.p2pu.org</li><li>DU to work on getting featured badges from badges.p2pu.org</li><li>Need to check the responsive design implementation</li><li>setting the right copy for the whole project (will work with VMG or Jane on this)</li><li>PS to update copy for pages</li><li>PS busy sending email to EP with school contacts on copy</li></ul></li><li>Badges<ul class="bullet"><li>char count on badge creation (or lack of it) became somewhat of a pain for users. I am preparing a feature implementation</li><li>more copy fixes are needed (consolidating with VMG on this)</li></ul></li><li>Python MOOC weekly update</li><li>Etherpad performance trouble</li><li>Tech mailing list footer to point people to discourse</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Etherpad is unbearably slow still - is there something we can do about it, ideas?<ul class="bullet"><li>For me the tech etherpad is waay slower than community call, could it be that it has much more content thus being unresponsive? Shall we try new etherpad and see if it gets better?</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>We haven&#x27;t posted any tech call notes on thepeople.p2pu.org in the last two weeks!<ul class="bullet"><li>my fault, I forgot (three times already, bcs this is the number of times I remembered I have to do it)</li><li>EP to post tech call notes to thepeople.p2pu.org and link to topic on tech mailing list</li></ul></li><li>We should also post community call notes + video link to discourse</li></ul><br><strong><u>18 July</u></strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Renewed SSL certificate for p2pu.org</li><li>Lernanta now supports single sign-on for disqus<ul class="bullet"><li>good job, awesome!</li><li>need to tell the community about it</li></ul></li><li>School of open multiple headings request<ul class="bullet"><li>school organizers can now put any HTML on their school home page</li></ul></li><li>Default to community featured courses in topnav</li><li>Homepage mockup ( <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;github&#x2e;io&#x2F;p2pu&#x5f;homepage&#x5f;mockup&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.github.io&#x2F;p2pu_homepage_mockup&#x2F;</a> )<ul class="bullet"><li>getting close</li></ul></li><li>Badges had some bug fixes</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>[DU] Merge community featured courses and staff picks<ul class="bullet"><li>why don&#x27;t we just remove staff picks? I think it&#x27;s usefull having more control over the courses we show on the frontpage</li><li>to discuss in community call now</li></ul></li><li>Gentle python MOOC status update<ul class="bullet"><li>probably not happening this week, but need to confirm with VMG</li></ul></li><li>[DU] Discourse<ul class="bullet"><li>resolve login&#x2F;signup problems</li><li>switch to master branch</li><li>are we updating it regularly? not at the moment - but switching to master will help with that</li></ul></li><li>[DU] Etherpad<ul class="bullet"><li>Investigate slowness and find possible solution</li></ul></li><li>[DU] Google grants + adwords<ul class="bullet"><li>Dirk is working with Bekka on renewing the agreement</li><li>Bekka will try to recruit an intern to manage the project</li></ul></li><li>[EP] File structure for github reports</li><li>[EP] Home page roll-out<ul class="bullet"><li>soon mockup will be ready for implementation</li><li>mockup is still under development <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;github&#x2e;io&#x2F;p2pu&#x5f;homepage&#x5f;mockup&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.github.io&#x2F;p2pu_homepage_mockup&#x2F;</a></li><li>need to reach out to Joao and Bruno</li><li>How will we handle navigation for other pages that the home page links to?<ul class="bullet"><li>sort this out later</li></ul></li><li>[Bump to next week] CSS framework<ul class="bullet"><li>lets get this up to date with the new home page</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Etherpad is TOO sluggish<ul class="bullet"><li>seems like a known issue: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;ether&#x2F;etherpad&#x2d;lite&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1763">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;ether&#x2F;etherpad-lite&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1763</a>. They say the problem is in all browsers, but the worst in Chrome</li><li>(Hey Dirk! Good morning. i:-)&nbsp; See you in a few min</li><li>(unless it&#x27;s etherpad minutes, then i&#x27;ll see you in a few hours)</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Dirk&#x2F;Erika etherpad - is it useful?</li></ul>Questions:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges might need a SSL as well<ul class="bullet"><li>firefox will make problems on iframe embedding</li></ul></li></ul><br></body>
</html>
